Sara/sms 354 update docs with scan detail page (#1794)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/deployment/manage-projects.md

---
slug: manage-projects
title: Manage projects
hide_title: true
description: View projects, detailed logs and information for any scan.
tags:
    - Deployment
    - Semgrep AppSec Platform
---

# Manage projects

> View, sort, and tag your projects through the **Projects** page. A **project** is any repository that you have scanned with Semgrep AppSec Platform through either CI or Semgrep Managed Scans, and includes that repository's findings and metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View, sort, and tag your projects through the **Projects** page. A **project** is any repository that you have scanned with Semgrep AppSec Platform through CI or Semgrep Managed Scans, and includes that repository's findings and metadata.
```

Refer to this page to **manage** and **troubleshoot** thousands of repositories by identifying scan issues or scans with a high finding count.

> Additionally, the Semgrep API enables you to filter tags for additional workflows and integrations into your own systems. Create tags based on engineering or department teams, external-facing or internal codebases, and so on. See [Tags](/semgrep-appsec-platform/tags) for more information.

Reviewer: This paragraph feels a bit out of place, so maybe move it to the end of the section / just above the Sort projects section.

- Share information when troubleshooting scans through the **Scans** tab.
- Update a project's tags, primary branch, and path ignores through the **Settings** tab.

## Sort projects

View all projects by navigating to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login) and clicking **<i class="fa-solid fa-folder-open"></i> Projects**.

To sort projects, click the attribute you want to sort by on the header row. You can only sort by one attribute.

Sort by the following attributes:

- **Project**: Click to toggle between sorting project names alphabetically in ascending or descending order. 
- **Last scan**: Click to toggle between sorting the projects' latest scans in ascending or descending order.

## Filter a project's scans

1. Navigate to [Semgrep AppSec Platform](https://semgrep.dev/login) and click **<i class="fa-solid fa-folder-open"></i> Projects**.
1. In the row of the project you want to view, click the project's **<i class="far fa-window-restore"></i> window icon** under the **Details** column.

The following filters are available:

- **Time period**: 7 days or 1 month
- **Scan type**: Full or diff-aware scans
- **Status**: Running, completed, error, or never finished

> - **Duration**: You can set the amount of hours or minutes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Duration**: The amount of time the scan took to complete in hours or minutes
```
